Invert this, invert that. Very boring. Even Hermione's time wheel was more interesting. Invert this, invert that, invert that, it's boring. The whole plot revolves around inverting it, and the characters' relationships take 2 minutes. I only liked how the buildings were rebuilt and immediately collapsed again, it was majestic and unusual. Or when a piece of a building flies out from under a military man's foot and seals itself in place. The rebuilding is so aggressive that it becomes destruction. Just like inverting the whole world. Sator, of course, is an "M" word weirdo. And I didn't like Kat. All in all, I only liked the Protagonist. I felt sorry for the man. He loses his friend, whom he needs to acquire again, knowing that in the end he will lose him again (although the boys are adults and know how to invert, they will find a place to cross). To go through the whole thrashak to save the world all over again, no quiet life. I fell in love with an emotionally unstable woman who, out of personal grudges, almost killed the whole world and her beloved son. She's understandable, but shit. Oh, yeah. And I didn't like the music. I even skipped half the film not to listen to this boom-doo-doo-dadam-boo-doo-doo-yetz-yetz.


Reverse entropy from talent and logic. The plot, pierced through by inversion bullets, has corroded all the pluses of cinema in the form of a beautiful frame, tense action scenes and beautiful music by Hans Zimmer. Super cliched tough Russian men with bulldog faces from the town of Stalsk (what kind of name is that?), drinking vodka and beating their wives with plutonium, want to destroy the whole world. The plot for the Russophobic low-brow end-of-Cold War cinema comes from the 90s. In the opera on the Russian military, even the uniforms were from the Soviet times, as if old Nolan had reviewed B-grade action films about bad Russians, stole a number of moments from there and didn't even bother with historical inaccuracies. What a real inversion of time, where it went backwards! In addition to that, completely illogical actions of the characters, a lot of bloopers in the narration and 'scientific' theory, completely unrevealed characters, ridiculous dialogues, understatements and plot holes. The most revealed character turned out to be the oligarch's wife, all her dialogues with the protagonist are filled with family and domestic problems with her husband, the essence of which she spilled out on him in the first 10 minutes of acquaintance, her motives and actions are now clear, unlike the main characters. Family drama with a cruel Russian is apparently more important than the end of the world, the explanation of who the descendants are, why they decided to create such a pseudo-scientific adventure with games of the past, the explanation of many plot holes and understatements. Separately I would like to note the acting of the level the infusoria-slipper junior Washington. Apparently, Nolan realised that in this case talent rests on children and decided not to even give his hero a name. The most ridiculous thing is not even the film, but the fact that according to Nolan he wrote the script for 20 years. And then it's not clear how the man who made the cult trilogy Batman and Inception could create such a film. Apparently, the plot of 'The Wire' was written in reverse entropy from logic, talent and desire to make a coherent narrative.


The paradox of wasted time. I liked the , the sound and the . Everything else was bad. Nolan nurtured the story idea for years, but it looks like he wrote the script based on a weird dream. The fiction comes out unscientific and uninteresting. The script has primitive and flat characters, poorly written dialogues, pretentious presentation. The plot is confusing, difficult and boring to watch. The story is raw, not brought to life. Another failure is the casting. Junior Washington doesn't pull off the lead role at all. He's just a weak and unprepared actor with minimal technical arsenal. Lisa Debicki is impressive at 190 centimetres tall, but the implausibility of her character's motivations and the complete lack of harmony with Washington's character kill everything she portrays on camera. The episodes with Pattinson liven up the film (he should have been cast in the lead role), but these episodes are incoherently drowned in a pointless storyline. Kenneth Branagh is good, but he's not given a turn. Glimpses An occasional flashback with the great Michael Caine, but he still remains a "guest celebrity". Nolan is respected and appreciated. This film is a clear miss, unfortunately.


Boring histrionics. Very tired. It would seem that such attention to time details, costumes, some time dragging should have brought historical accuracy to the film. But it doesn't. It's just boring. Perhaps the secondary importance of the story is to blame. I mean, what is the Scottish fight for independence? They've been fighting for it for 800 years and it's not working. The conclusion is that they didn't really want to. The film convincingly proves one indisputable historical fact. If they didn't get it then they didn't really want it, including those who made the film. It's like when you've been thinking about something for a long time, in the end you just have to tick the box. If in Mel Gibson's film there is some tragic determination, which you feel from the first frame to the last, then in this one everything is very right. It's as if the authors are afraid of sudden movements. And as a result we get a soap opera on a historical theme. Very dull acting, you can hardly remember the heroes, there are no characters, brightness, charisma Perhaps in the format of the series this film would be more interesting, but here the only feeling is tiredness and boredom. Nolan invites us to imagine that the past was so slow and inconsequential. But that's just his idea. I strongly advise against it. An outright failure.


Why would Nolan put himself in a noose? You all know what insanity is, right? Repeating the same action over and over again, hoping for some kind of change. That's the concept Christopher Nolan's latest film, The Argument, follows, which also picks up a fair amount of cranberries and punchlines along the way. Like any self-respecting blockbuster, there is a Russian villain trying to destroy the world (let's call him RASHN BAD GAY). Kolokolnikov in the person of the puppet RASHN BAD GAY, making the most serious face, and trying to stop our heroes. Pattison and Washington actually fighting themselves. And, of course, the poor oligarch's wife being forcibly kept in the marriage. And finally, having been tormented by trading with her conscience, decides to confront RASHN BAD GAY. The development of the film and characters takes place exactly until the middle of the film. We are confronted with this very madness of Christopher. Repetition of the same moments, which they try to present to us from a different angle, to open the veil. The "unknown puppets" opposing our heroes, explain what an "argument" is and how it works. But all these twists are as predictable as possible and make you laugh rather than wonder. From watching the film, I get the distinct feeling that Christopher just played with his favourite toy. Nolan really wanted to show us his time looping skills and elevate himself to screenwriting Olympus. However, time played a cruel trick on the talented director. He decided not to even open the manual, having arbitrarily mastered only 10 per cent of the possibilities of using time worlds. Christopher wanted so much to do something brilliant that he just got confused in these loops, making them as simple and uninteresting as possible. What he showed us in Interstellar was a very appetising primer. And I watched this film with great appetite, but, unfortunately, I did not see even a small part of those developments that were made in the space odyssey with McConaughey. If you leave the time loops behind and pay attention to the other aspects of the film, this is classic Christopher with interesting and unusual action scenes, really quality frame filling and a good selection of actors. However, the aeroplane scenes are extremely jarring out of all this material. They are so slow, heavy and uninteresting against the background of everything else going on in the film that they only cause a feeling of extreme ennui. If in "The Dark Knight" the exquisite combination of a huge hospital explosion harmonises with Heath Ledger's beautiful acting and stirs your imagination, driving your visual organs into ecstasy, here the barely rolling plane appears more like an old man from a nursing home, dragging his feet on the walk. Yes, it was certainly a great marketing move that Nolan doesn't use graphics and buys a whole Boeing. But it, Christopher, 'd better just learn how to draw a light on top of a plane.As strange as it sounds, Christopher ruined a pretty good film by trying, in an effort, to stay true to himself. The use of loops, which Nolan actively tried to promote in his previous films and the minimal amount of graphics, this time played a cruel joke with one of the most spectacular directors of our time. And instead seeing a beautiful, colourful and intelligent blockbuster, we got a rather mediocre film. Which is a real failure for Christopher. We hope for rehabilitation in the next film.


Didn't try to understand it and yet felt nothing. What does this film have in common with 'Interstellar' and 'Dunkirk'? A delusional plot curated by Christopher Nolan himself. Only in this film the delusion is elevated to the absolute. I like the films 'The Prestige' and 'Inception', which I am willing to revisit because they are entertaining and once the plot is over, the laws of the universe of each of these films work until the very end. Even the 'Dark Knight' trilogy I treat with kind indulgence because it shows a kind of story about a character from the classic comics. And I take into account that I haven't seen Nolan's earlier work. But the feeling is that Nolan listened to the hype of the original films and did exactly what he is now being praised for. It's not for me to judge them, but I'm not one of them. I won't talk about the plot and I'll move on to judgement. Familiar cast and normal visuals are probably the only and thus insignificant advantages of the film, for its shortcomings cover them weightily. And the theme of the film itself is interesting. However, the theme of inverting reality and time travel in the context of this film is worthless from the word "worthless" because there are no certain conventions for adapting to them, because for the sake of the plot and for the characters these conventions work according to different rules and it's all from the point of view of the laws of physics, biology and common sense. For example the film 'Time Patrol' from 1994, where there are conventions that are followed throughout the film without too many questions and everything looks much simpler. There is also a lack of cause and effect. If we remember the series ‘'11.22.63.', there it is present throughout the plot and it is quite possible that any wrong action in the past can affect the events of the present time. Of course, there are also the obscure phrases and their local definition, which are only mentioned and do not affect anything. For such cases there is a film 'The Beginning', where in fact everything happens in dreams and at the same time all the concepts, definitions and events are understood by the viewer, because all the conventions work until the very finale, and there are no questions left. Nolan's main mistake in this film is, of course, cranberries. And here is not just the main villain a la Russian oligarch as a complete scum and all Russian military in the film are the same scum. I'm not even talking about the worthless Ukrainian special forces, who were shown in the beginning of the film and plus stupid Estonian policemen in the middle. Isn't that racist, eh? In fact, the plot could have been put together in such a way that the actions of the characters were limited by the circumstances and it would have been impossible to act differently and all this would have led to a logical conclusion, but alas in this case it is not even close. And of course the characters themselves are a special case. As I said the actors are famous, but the characters of the film only speak beautifully without a hint of common sense, the same thing I would say about the action and staging. It's kind of cool, but so idiotic. And about the so called PROTAGONIST I'm not talking at all. I'd say a lot more, but I'm afraid that's enough for now. I will only say that the film itself is not a greatness of the director's genius, but a demonstration that he is a great hoaxer. And it's safe to say that the film is suitable for fans of conspiracy theories, which are so regularly shown on TV. P. S. And I'm not an idiot if I didn't get the point, I just didn't see common sense in it.


Inversion, entropy, inversion, entropy, entropy, the end. The plot of the film is quite complex. The protagonist of the film is a secret agent who learns about the technology of the future. The technology is that the owner is able to control time - time begins to go backwards. The agent has to prevent the third world war and stop the terrorist's plot. The film starts off quite briskly. Straight into active action. And the scenes at the opera are really interesting to watch. It is pleasant that there are no mistakes on the patches of special groups. Immediately note the camerawork. Very cool. The picture and scenes hold the viewer to the screen. Filmed very well. But after the scene in the opera begins something incomprehensible. It feels like you're in a science report on physics. But you are not at the very beginning, but in the middle of the discussion. And matter how hard you try to make sense of it, it's impossible. Every action will be explained in two words. INVERSION and ENTROPIA. And for 2 hours and 30 minutes these words will be heard more often than the names of the characters. By the way, one of the characters isn't given a name at all. He's just "Protagonist". But in terms of villainy, here everything is more familiar. The main villain is Russian. (Oh those evil Russians). And his story, of course, does not do without selected "cranberries". His name is Andrei Sator. With a surname straight tried. Slavic surname and common for Russia. I know three of them personally. (I certainly watched the video about the encrypted Latin palindrome), but the writers. Sator? Are you serious? If you want to put that word in there, create I don't know what else for the main villain. Name his yacht that or give him a dog with that name. It's okay with one slip-up like that. So he changed his name, it's big deal. But the writers didn't stop there. Stalsk- 12. It's an abandoned Russian town, it turns out. And I understand there are 11 other Stalskis. They re scattered all over Russia. It's the "huckleberry" that kills the whole character's story. You just stop believing in what's going on. The film itself is very drawn out. The dialogues are too abstruse, then just boring. The narrative of the film makes you sleepy. After long discourses, abstruse phrases with constant words INVERSION and ENTROPIA it simply becomes uninteresting to watch the heroes. It feels like Nolan made this film purely for himself. For schoolchildren it will be an empty film with a lot of special effects, but they will not understand the abstruse words and phrases. And for the older generation the words "inversion", "entropy" will be some foreign and unknown. Well, let's assume that the film was made for scientists.


Is this some kind of, um. embarrassing? Good thing I only lost two hours of time - not worth inverting and going back in time to talk myself out of it. This is the kind of movie you should watch at home, not in the theatre, so that you always have the option to pause it when you see crap, instead of dropping everything and irrevocably leaving the auditorium after throwing away your ticket money. The fattest part: is it really that far fetched for the Main Character to refer to himself on camera as the 'Main Character' (protagonist)? - nigger - film academy credit - russky oligarkh - state department credit ﻿﻿landing on Chinooks in the depths of the Siberian ores - an homage to the Tsrushniki, at last they are avenged for Operation 'Eagle Claw' - running backwards for especially dumb viewers, so that they could distinguish between straight and inverted It is possible that Nolan set the bar of expectations too high with 'Interstellar'. It' also possible that the maestro allowed himself to relax. It's like - can a chef make doshirak? Or can a real kungfu master get punched in the face? (A real kungfu master can do anything!) One thing I can say for sure: I will not rewatch the film in search of deeper meaning, nuances or just to share my feelings. The directing is a three and the acting a penny. Steven Seagal's face is more intense than the protagonist and antagonist's feelings. On the plot: as soon as it becomes clear that the universe is not multiple, - the global intrigue disappears. The characters don't create the story anew each time, moving back and forth - they just fulfil a monolithic global plot. Since the world is not destroyed, everything will end well, because it has already ended well. Let's split up, boys. All that's left to do is look out for details, try to enjoy the picture and the game, and figure it out allusions and charades. But: the picture is in the genre of so-and-so action film, even the mahycha scenes are not staged in a human way. There are some paintballers running around and trying to fight. They should have consulted the authors of 'James Bond'. They even drove a real tank round real St Petersburg... And Nolan's a wuss. The acting, it's not there. Even the scenes of psychopathy and co-dependence - like in 'Investigations Veli', by VGIK students. Charades... oh yes, charades. SATOR AREPO TENET OPERA ROTAS. So? And so this magic square hangs on the mental wall, Stanislavsky endures, endures, waits, waits, but the gun never went off. With equal success there could be played in the film 'And the rose fell on Azor's paw'. But the Trushniks, of course, must be pleased.


Frankly, I didn't expect it. After watching it 'in my heart' I gave the film a one. It was very unexpected to see such a product from the director who made Interstellar. Exactly, a product, not a work of fiction. No, the cinematography, of course, at a very high level. There are no complaints about the quality. Good actors' performance, atmospheric colour correction, cameraman's work - everything is in place. But... First things first. I simply have no patience for Americans 'saving the world'.This phrase from the mouths of characters is already causing, pardon me, a gag reflex. Especially from a nation that has never saved anyone in its history. The product, of course, is American-English, they seem to have the right, the audience is mostly domestic (or close in spirit), as well as fees, but just repulses this phrase, whatever the protagonist, then Tom Cruise. Second. I do not see in any way in such a film in the lead role of an actor black or African-American. He just by style does not fit here, just by style, my opinion has nothing to do with racism. I think the director realises this, so this choice is an absolute opportunism. Like the choice of the character of the main antagonist. Obviously a Russian or so. For most people outside of the 'indestructible', all of us from the former USSR are Russians. And necessarily an American must rub his nose in it. Superficially and opportunistically. A director with a capital letter, whose films remain in history, should not go along with short-term views. Therefore, 'The Argument' is not a film that remains in history, but an ordinary passable (albeit relatively high quality) box office product. The above leads to the third one - a large number of clichés. In order not to spoiler, I won't list them. An attentive viewer will see them (or has seen them, if he has already watched it). Fourth. Unnecessary brain twisting and illogicality of some plot scenes. Even if you have a mathematical mind and are not a stranger to abstract thinking, it is impossible to understand what the theories used in the film are about without immersing yourself in scientific research. And, apparently, this is not intended. But it is intricate and the space for special effects is huge. Regarding illogic. This is a problem of many modern films in general. Here in the film the American special forces somehow by some unknown way on helicopters find themselves deep in the Russian territory. Just like that. And on American ones.
Maybe, of course, this is Ukrainian territory? No, the guys are operating in Siberia. What do you think a negro employee in the ranks of the Ukrainian special forces in Kiev? This, by the way, to the topic of choosing an actor for the role of the main character. No, the film probably doesn't deserve a single. BUT! I've been meaning to see this film for a long time, and it just fell so short of expectations that my finger just couldn't press any other button.


Nolan's weakest film yet. I never thought I would write this, but unfortunately it's true. Watched the film with my wife and both of us didn't understand anything, from the word - at all. I've watched almost all of Nolan's work, many repeatedly, and I never thought he would make something so strange and incomprehensible. The first and main complaint is that the film is boring. Very boring. The presentation of the plot is very strange. There's a lot of action, but at the same time it's dragged behind the ears. Dialogues are bad, there was a strong feeling that you are watching a low-budget TV series. The film is not saved by the participation of Pattinson, who, as an actor, I like very much. He played here perfectly, to I have no complaints about him personally. But, on the whole, he pulls the film together. The problem of the film is that the main idea of time reversal is presented in a jagged way and with little explanation. The characters keep saying something about the end of the world and saving the world, but, again, without explaining anything to us. The last 20 minutes of the film with a shootout in an abandoned city you don't understand anything at all, who is fighting with whom, and most importantly, why. Maybe the idea of the film is good and interesting, but the presentation is terrible. I know for sure that I will not review this film and recommend it to my friends too. This time, Nolan disappointed. And there was so much talk about the film's release that it will be a creation at least at the level of Inception, if not better. 


It's terrible. Let's put it bluntly - this film is extremely difficult to take in because the director got lost in ideas and tricks, forgetting that the viewer has to 'get into the film' and to empathise with someone in it. It was the first film in recent times in which I switched the original English track to Russian dubbing in the hope of understanding something at least in the second half of the film - no joke, I doubted my own knowledge of English because of 'Dovod'. But that wasn't the problem. Seriously - when trying to write a review, I can't even articulate the plot of the film! Have you ever come across something like this anywhere other than all sorts of 'Room', 'Dangerous People' and so on? In the abstract - as in 'Inception' the action revolves around some group of time-travelling (not 'in' time!) agents trying to fix some apocalyptic event. People often recognise something as brilliant only by because of their own lack of understanding. And vice versa - from time to time brilliant things don't find their audience. But in the case of 'The Reason', we simply have an arrogant director who, because of his cult status, the studios are ready to throw money at him, and therefore he can afford to make any kind of beautiful nonsense. But is it worth watching? Decide for yourself


Nolan is a genius? The film 'The Argument' (2020) from director Christopher Nolan is a grandiose film is a sci-fi action film that managed to attract the attention of viewers and critics from all over the world. The plot of the film is original and interesting, and the visual effects are simply mesmerising. However, despite this, the film is not without some flaws. The main idea of the film is that the main character is an unknown agent who finds himself in a mystical world where time moves in the opposite direction. In this world, he faces many dangers, overcomes many obstacles, and all this in the present time. The plot of the film keeps the viewer in suspense for the entire two and a half hours of its duration. The film explores the theme of time and its irreversibility, as well as the idea that even if we fully master this concept, we cannot change the past or the future. The visual effects in the film 'The Argument' are simply stunning.
They create the feeling that we ourselves are in a world where time moves backwards. Nolan managed to create a unique atmosphere that immerses the viewer in a mystical world. The details and visual design are excellent, which creates a unique atmosphere that does not let the viewer tear himself away from the screen. However, despite all the advantages of the film, it is impossible not to note some shortcomings. Action scenes in the film are somewhat drawn out and not always clear, which creates some inconvenience when watching. The actors in the lead roles, John David Washington and Robert Pattinson, although they did a great job with their roles, were somewhat lacking in emotional intensity. Overall, Christopher Nolan's 'The Argument' is a great action film that stands out from many other similar films. The plot is interesting, the visual effects are breathtaking and the actors have played their roles well. However, there are some flaws in the action scenes and the acting of the actors in the lead roles. Overall, the film 'The Argument' is a cinematic masterpiece that is worth watching for anyone who loves sci-fi action movies.


#CGMOpinion #An Argument. Christopher Nolan's new film that turns the whole idea of plot, its presentation and the way we perceive films upside down - The Reason. First he showed the plot in reverse (Memento), then the world was presented with the Dark Knight, who could well live among us with a terrific antagonist, then games with dreams (Inception), space with time and gravity (Interstellar) and now we see the reverse and direct flow of time in one frame. I have no idea how such ideas come out of his head, but the film in terms of the story and the way its presented is just delightful. On the one hand you're racking your brain every 5 minutes, and on the other hand you can't take your eyes off what's happening on the screen. This is one of those films that you just have to watch three or four times exactly to catch all the plot loopholes and minutiae, although I personally understood most of it. The acting here doesn't cause much excitement and doesn't show up to its full potential, because it's not really needed here because of the setting. The music is dynamic but not cutting to the ear, and the filming that was done live delivers. Where have you seen a real plane blown up instead of an animated one just because it was cheaper? From the disadvantages I can single out only what was described above. Many people will not like the plot because of the brain-shaking, some people will not want to think at all. After all, many people go to the cinema to see this film because there is nothing else to see... so you can understand that after a long break they are given a puzzle, not a relaxation for the body. Here's to an interestingly intricate plot, actors, music and effects. This is true art. Prepare yourself for the fact that you won't sleep on this film and have an enjoyable viewing experience.


The Time Paradox...A new film from the talented director and screenwriter Christopher Nolen. I have to admit that it took me a long time to decide to watch this film because of the time loops. I was always sceptical about 'time travel' and it always broke my brain. But this film surprised me a lot, yes it is very complicated and confusing, however as all films connected with time spaces. The plot is quite complicated and incomprehensible, the heroes are trying to save the world from total destruction, which is about to happen, but at the same time it already kind of was. The explosion of a nuclear bomb that will destroy the past, leaving the present or just remove all people from the Earth in all temporal realities, that's the main goal of the villain. Honestly, maybe I didn't have enough intelligence to understand the plot completely, but after watching it there are not few questions, especially at the end of the film, when you don't understand the past, the present or the third dimension at all. I want to say that everything that is connected with time is either cyclical, or the change of the past brings new problems. In this world, the first option is cyclical. Heroes save the world, but at the same time do so that to save the world once again in the past and so will be forever, as part of life's journey. In general, the film is not for one viewing, especially if you want to delve into this complex and ingenious plot. 


The postulate of true Cinema. "DOVE." Firstly, the title seems stupid at first, but if you decide to figure it out, intrigue immediately appears (as always in life, when you decide to figure it out). Literally from English (Latin originally) the original title "Tenet" translates as "postulate, doctrine." Much more euphonious for a poster, isn't it? But then His Majesty the Concept comes into play, which in big pictures - and "The Argument" is certainly a big picture - must be executed flawlessly. Tenet is a word-palindrome, it reads the same from all sides. And so does "argument", accordingly; I enclose multilingual posters to illustrate. This "polydromatic" movement - back and forth - is the driving and most fascinating element of the film's plot. The theme of "time inversion" puts another medal of originality on Nolan's chest - after all, we have not seen anything about time travel! But we haven't seen anything like this, and here's why. Firstly, but not in the main. The original move is backed up by marvellously complex scenes. Nolan plays on the field of spy action film in a completely honest way, putting the most difficult tasks and performing them with brilliance (and the actors' blood). Scenes in the film are really shot twice - first in one, and then in reverse live performance. Rewinding the director would not suit, needed a "true thread of the game",, so, in particular, the performer of the title role John David Washington, a former player in American football, for a month after filming was unable to run, and at first and even get out of bed. "I'd rather go into coaching," he would have thought, if he hadn't ended up working on one of cinema's outstanding creations. Why the creation, in my opinion, outstanding, I hasten to voice and here I come to the main thing. Exactly for the same reason as all Nolan's films. This director masterfully places his message in the most complex and therefore the most interesting plot and/or metaphorical shell. And very precisely finds the expression for his idea - in "The Dovod" the puzzle came together for me after one single scene. But sometimes you have to sit or rewind to find the core of the puzzle, solve it, and then get high with it as you would with your own trophy! Only knowledge gained with effort becomes important and necessary for us. Nolan is such a "life guru" for me, in all his films I experienced a powerful catharsis when I found the message and immediately got points in the "personal development" column. He fulfils this mission brilliantly! And if you don't want to dig into everything and think about why he made all this stuff up - it can also happen - then you can just spend your time on a great entertainment. The plot holds, there are a lot of "kid's" contrivances, it seems to be a spy action film, and something in it is its own, author's. (Messege is this "authorial", but never mind, that's not what this paragraph is about! Bottom line - Christopher Nolan did something again on a new field, and at the same time remained true to himself, and, most importantly, to the postulate and doctrine (Tenet, in general) of real cinema.


The argument or the story of how I didn't get it. Last autumn, I finally got the chance to go to the cinema. And it was a new film from Nolan called 'The Argument'. While watching 'The Argument', I didn't understand anything. The plot was so confusing that I thought I had never seen anything harder in my life. And yes, I was disappointed. Everything looked cool, but that's just it, without a plot it's nothing more than just cool fights and effects. But after waiting for the film to come online, I re-watched it again and finally understood it. All the mysteries and secrets of this film became clear to me. And I can write a review with peace of mind. Plot: As I have already mentioned it is very confused and mixed up. To understand it, you need to watch the film two or maybe three times. But in simple words, the plot is as follows: The main character is the chosen one and must confront the 'evil Russian' and stop the third world war. But actually the plot is more complicated than it seems. Of course the disadvantage of the film is that the story is not clear at the first viewing and because of this the film may not go for some people. Characters: The weird thing is that the main character doesn't have a name. He's just a protagonist. John Washington plays well, but walks around emotionless the entire film. Robert Pattinson plays much better than John. But of course I was most pleased with Kenneth Branagh as the 'evil Russian', he plays a cliched Russian according to Americans and it's cool. Elizabeth Debicki plays a simple oligarch's wife who is fed up with everything and plays it well, but not to perfection. Shooting: This is the best part of the film. Well, it's understandable, because the film was made for 200 million. But nevertheless all the chases and fights look beautiful and epic. The soundtrack is also very cool. It really complements any chase or important scene. I hope the film will win an Oscar for the sound. Bottom line: It was a truly epic spectacle, which unfortunately didn't pay off because of the quarantine. Also the film may have remained misunderstood for some because of the overly convoluted plot. But like I said, it just needs to be understood. Of course the film turned out to be a bit worse than 'Inception' or 'Interstellar', but you can and should watch it.


Perception of time. Perception of Time. Christopher Nolan's demonstrative intellectualism contrasts sharply with the episodic silliness of the plot. The original ambitious idea with the scale of the fate of all mankind is levelled at the expense of petty problems of individual characters. The film didn't live up to my expectations, but I still don't share my general disappointment with Nolan - he is one of the greatest directors of our time. Rather, I would have liked to see it in a different genre, in terms of style, it would be perfect for a mystical story about secret societies, where divergences from the logic of the real world would be masked by magic. B "Dovoda" is strictly the opposite effect: all discrepancies are demasked by focusing the viewer's attention on the technical aspects of the plot; you don't believe in what is happening on the screen. The second problem: Kenneth Branagh and Elizabeth Debicki; not as actors, but as their characters. Marital problems against the backdrop of the survival of our species... nothing; the main character's attitude towards his wife Satora is exceptionally irritating in its irrelevance. Especially against the background of the general indifferent tone of the narrative, which does not allow you to empathise with the rest of the characters. Negative assessment is out of the question - the technical quality of the film is impeccable, which is why I consider Nolan a master. The question is whether this film is worthy of a positive assessment... I'm not sure, the idea is not the plot, and the plot here is weak, one could even say secondary. I might be wrong to give it a positive rating, but I have two reasons for it: Robert Pattinson and Michael Caine. The first - the only "living" character that evokes sincere emotions, he brings the film to life and, in part, mitigates the shortcomings of the rest of the characters. The second is that minor detail that separates a good film from a mediocre one.


A film with no beginning and no end. Judging by the reviews after watching this film, people fall into two categories: "what is this nonsense?" or "very original". I am neither of those, because Christopher Nolan is one of my favourite directors. So everything he directs is on my "must-see" list. The plot. A former intelligence officer works for a secret organisation. His goal: to neutralise an arms dealer and find out how he got hold of the latest future technology. Only this is a task with an asterisk: the enemy can reverse time. Idea and realisation. The film has no beginning and no ending, everything that happens makes some kind of sense, clues appear as the narrative progresses. I have a hard time watching films that are 2.5 hours long, but this one is not one of them. While watching The Argument you can't just pick up and fast forward, on the contrary, in several places I had to rewind to watch it again.
The way the time inversion looks is very much like rewinding a film on a video player. I have a hard time imagining how it was edited, since the other characters are moving in the normal direction for human perception. It's a mystery film, all the clues to which the viewer won't get all the clues. But maybe there is some appeal in that? For me there is. Somewhat the film reminds "The Beginning", the author's hand is
visible to the naked eye) Actors. After this film, I made a decision to watch the new Batman after all. For me it is a sore subject, because I personally believe that no one better than Nolan will not shoot it, and no one better than Bale will not play. But Mr Pattinson convinced me that he could be the second DiCaprio (who had his career ruined)
"Titanic") and he's already climbing out of the hole called "Twilight", and quite successfully at that. I was shocked by the charisma of the actor, he is capable of a lot. Branagh as the villain is gorgeous, John Washington is very good, well, and Yuri Kolokolnikov is just right, since the story has severe Russian guys) Special effects on high. Natural shootings dilute the graphics, especially Tallinn and fantastic views of Capri.


Tempus tantum nostrum est. The film starts from the , Nolan plunges into the abyss of an incomprehensible but already fascinating story. The mysteries accumulate with every minute, not allowing you to catch your breath. By the middle of the story, the director gives time for reflection, but only in order to the end to push the pace to unimaginable heights. In this race, Nolan misses the opportunity to reveal the characters, gaining another, no less important in my opinion - to create! He breaks all patterns, for the second time, following Dunkirk, he goes completely outside the box.
Will the audience like it? Of course not! Hundreds, thousands of people did not understand, did not accept these experiments. All those who wrote that there is no main character in Dunkirk, not realising that the main character in this picture is time itself, will never understand who the main character in Dovod is. The story itself is unbearably simple - a super villain tries to destroy everything and everyone and the protagonist defends our world, how many of these have we seen? But to echo one of the characters, I'll say that it's not the 'what' that matters, but the 'how'. The simple plot is twisted in such a way that by the end you don't realise how everything will unfold here. That said, all your assumptions will still be overridden by the final twist. Technically the film is perfect, music, effects mixing, brilliant picture, camerawork on the edge of possibility. What is there to talk about, they destroyed a real plane for the sake of the film. The work of the actors is very strong, first of all Robert Pattinson stands out, it's even a pity that he is so little. In every frame he outplayed Washington. His Neil came out more human, more convincing. No, John David Washington isn't bad either, it's just that Neil came off more convincing than the Protagonist. Debicki is charming and convincing, the most understandable character. Worst of all, in my opinion, played Kenneth Branagh, very empty, one-dimensional character turned out, at the same time he overplayed in some places. Although this is certainly the fault of the screenwriters. Not to give content to the main anti-hero - what a far cry from Nolan's previous works. Bottom line - The Argument, is not an existential, philosophical film. Rather, The Argument is a cool action film, and a great ride, with an interesting unusual twist.


Where are you, Nolan fans? Or where is the world going...It's strange that Nolan fans didn't write in the reviews. I'm not one, and I even admit that I haven't seen most of his films. But still, it always seemed to me that the audience likes him because he presents "simple moral issues" in a beautiful wrapper. People get aesthetic visual pleasure from his films: from the picture, editing, sound, music, original characters, events, places, scientific theories and other external attributes. And the viewer after the film is left with a pleasant aftertaste, caused, in addition to all of the above, moral questions on the general theme of "where the world is going, and what to do". For example, the plot of "Interstellar" is that the Earth is no longer habitable, and people are looking for a new home. The final inverted crooked future and, in fact, the tragedy of father and daughter (the heroine's line at the end: "I don't want my father to see his daughter die") as if give us the moral of the film - appreciate and do not destroy the planet, love and think about children, live here and now. Now here's "The Argument." The moral message of the film is voiced by the main antagonist of the film: "The future generation takes care of themselves and their descendants. Their oceans have boiled, their rivers have dried up. And it's our fault." In short, they want to kill us save themselves. It turns out to be the same, as if the viewer is supposed to reflect that the current state of society and the planet is deplorable, and the consequences are unpredictable. Nolan's ideas can be understood even by the slogans of his films: "Time is running out", "The event that changed the world", "The next step of mankind will be the greatest", "Your mind is a crime scene", "Welcome to the world of Chaos", etc. Of course one can only applaud the modern film industry for making a significant contribution, and trying by all methods to bring important issues of our society's development up to date in humanity's agenda. What is depressing is another thing. That with each new film more and more grotesque and incomprehensible forms are used. And this is probably not the fault of the screenwriters and directors, the demand is apparently such that modern society in most cases cannot be lured to the cinema in any other way. In the modern world, nihilism does not always have a negative connotation, and marginalisation is not a temporary human condition. Our society is increasingly characterised by movement for movement's sake. This is the kind of review I I wanted to write this after watching The Joker. I didn't like the film, and exactly for the reasons stated above. Is it really necessary to use so much attributive tinsel to convey one thought? Are today's young people capable of mass acceptance of films such as "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" or "Sleepwalkers"? I liked "The Argument." With Nolan, at least, the picture and sound are always great…


Argument. I think few would argue that Christopher Nolan's "The Reason" Christopher Nolan's "The Reason" can be safely called the main film of this year. Each new Christopher Nolan's creation in itself always becomes an event not only for devoted film fans, but also for ordinary viewers. So even against the background of the cancellation and postponement of the premiere of numerous films due to the coronavirus pandemic that broke out and covered the whole world, perhaps "The Reason" can be called the most ambitious and ambitious feature film of the year. Not to mention the fact that it was"Argument" undertook the heroic but also suicidal mission of supporting cinemas in such a difficult time. Having paid for it with much more modest box office receipts than could be expected. The plot of this film develops around a CIA agent, who is declared dead after a terrorist attack in the Kiev opera house. Now he is a member of a mysterious organisation that is trying to prevent a third world war and the total destruction of humanity. As an incredibly rich and influential Russian businessman begins to use the technology of time inversion, which allows him to reverse the course of time. One of the main features of Christopher Nolan's author's accent is always an original and interesting idea, as well as a monumental and scripted to the smallest detail. At the same time, it is obvious to the naked eye that the script of each of his new works is more and more monumental, and it is impossible to disagree with the fact that "The Argument" is perhaps the most ambitious work in the director's oeuvre. At first glance, it may seem that we are facing a traditional story about a brave hero who opposes a rich and powerful evil genius who dreams of destroying all of humanity. However, it is around such a traditional plot inoculation Nolan managed to write a really strong, ambitious and really large-scale script, which willingly bribes with a really bold idea and a rather unusual variation of thoughts on the theme of "time travel". To describe the merits of the script refraining from spoilers is very difficult. We can only say that Christopher Nolan managed to write such a script, which entirely concentrates the viewer's attention around itself, throws a lot of surprises in the form of unexpected plot twists and manages even a few times to "break the brain" by how dashingly twisted the plot and weighted with details.For many years, many fans have been begging Christopher Nolan to take on the next part of the Bond. Perhaps it is with this film Nolan managed to partially satisfy the requests of fans and create an idea of what would be the Bondiana under his leadership. In fact, it is a rather powerful symbiosis of a spy thriller and a blockbuster of the level and scope of his "Inception". On the one hand, quoting the basic elements of the genre. On the other hand, refreshing it with extremely bold, unusual and interesting ideas. In this case, the very embodiment of time inversion on the screen and its perfect symbiosis with perfectly staged action scenes, which are breathtaking in their staging and the way they are shot. But they don't turn the film into one CGI special effect or popcorn spectacle like most modern blockbusters. Similar to almost all of his works, Nolan has once again managed to cast a perfect cast. John David Washington doesn't push the now fashionable trend of satisfaction "requests" of the African-American contingent of cinema, but really worthy of playing his role on the screen. Elizabeth Debicki once again gave her strongest performance. Michael Caine, Himesh Patel, Yurik Kolokolnikov, Aaron Taylor-Johnson and other actors are excellent. play their roles and are really memorable. Even though not much screen time is given to their characters. However, only Robert Pattinson and Kenneth Branagh really stood out for me. Pattinson managed to create perhaps the most charismatic and interesting character, who is not a villain, but it is difficult to call him a traditional hero. Eagerly pulling out every frame with his performance. For the performance of the role of Batman we can be definitively calm. Kenneth Branagh also gave a very strong role. In spite of the fact that we have a traditional image of "evil Russian" in front of us, he is not perceived as such when watching. Actually as well as cardboard villain in principle. Willingly bribing with powerful charisma and that animal rage, which he hides behind a seemingly cold-blooded facial expression. The Reason is definitely the top film of the year, as well as one of the most ambitious and sweeping creations in director Christopher Nolan's oeuvre. Once again, Christopher Nolan has managed to come up with a very bold and interesting idea, which he very competently presents to the viewer at the intersection of auteur and entertainment cinema. Giving viewers plenty of content both to satisfy the "bread and spectacle" demand, and allowing them to willingly use their grey matter while watching. enjoyed it very much and will probably revisit the film again, maybe several times.